hi let me just tell you that I'm a very
vain person I like to look my best
I like to be my best I I always do
whatever I can so of course that
involves healthy eating it involves
exercise and when my neck started
getting very chickeny and my
grandchildren told me look grandma and
they started poking at my neck I didn't
like that and I said oh I'd better do
something about this so I asked around
and actually the receptionist in my
dermatologist office recommended dr.
chicano because her sister had had
permanent done by dr. Chicano and I put
the phone number in my wallet for about
a year and I didn't think about it and
one day I was cleaning out my wallet
there it was and I said you know what
let me call what could it hurt to call
and I did I went to see dr. Jick oh no I
saw all the pictures in his album I saw
everything online and I said this might
be for me except that I have very short
hair and I was very concerned that
scarring and what it would look like
with short hair and
want to change my hairstyle and my
hairdresser had said I'm going to have
to change my hairstyle because no doctor
does this surgery well enough to be able
to make it invisible so I was nervous
but I called a lady that Diane gave me a
phone number of and she had the same
surgery a neck lift and she has very
short hair so I called her and she was
very honest with me and Mary couldn't be
more joyous about having doctor to come
to do her neck so I said okay if Beverly
can do it that was her name then I could
do it and I scheduled the surgery and
actually it never I never had any pain
at all after the surgery a lot of
discomfort for the first night and
discomfort after that but there was
never ever ever any pain I couldn't be
more happy with what dr. chicano did for
me and this is not a paid commercial I'm
just telling you this because I think he
did a great job and look you don't see
any marks my hair is as short as ever my
hairdresser is shocked she says that he
just did a fabulous job I think he did
you must ride and I'm happy and if it's
something you want to do and you think
it'll make you feel better then go for
it because it's well worth every penny